# TEST FOLDER

## Folders

- [binaries](./binaries/) : the ELF files that we will use for testing.
- [raw_files](./binaries/) : the raw dataset we extract from the ELF one, as described [here](../README.md#generating-a-database-of-raw-files). 
- [ground_truth](./ground_truth/) : list of functions we expect to find in each file, taken by the [original dataset](https://github.com/Cisco-Talos/binary_function_similarity).
- [ground_truth_nm](./ground_truth_nm/) : list of functions we expect to find in each file, generated by us using `nm` and `readelf`.
- [scripts](./scripts/) : collection of helper script we used to generate the content of files/directories. These are not supposed to be used again.
- [simple_tests](./simple_tests/) : some simple programs which are compiled and then used to try the basic functionalities of Nucleus.

## Files

- [binaries_list.txt](./binaries_list.txt) : list of all the files we have extracted the ground truth, it is needed in order to fetch only the binaries that we need from the database.
- [text_sizes.txt](./text_sizes.txt) : size of the `.text` section in every binary in the folder. It can be used as a comparison with the number of nucleus false positives.
- [results.csv](./results.csv) and [results_nm.csv](./results_nm.csv) : results of Nucleus runs on all ELF files, compared with the ground truth. In the "nm" case, the ground truth is extracted using `nm` and `readelf`. In the classic case, the ground truth provided in the [original dataset](https://github.com/Cisco-Talos/binary_function_similarity).
- [results_raw.csv](./results_raw.csv) and [results_raw_nm.csv](./results_raw_nm.csv) : results of Nucleus runs on the raw file dataset. The ground truth information is the same as above.
- [raw_files_offset.csv](./raw_files_offsets.csv) : saves randomly generated offsets for the raw dataset, so that it is possible to retrieve the position of the text segment and compare results.
